Add release notes for 0.1.30 (#765)
weaveworks/eksctl: docs/release_notes/0.1.30.md

# Release 0.1.30

## Improvements

> - upgrade AWS authenticator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- upgrade `aws-iam-authenticator` to version 0.4.0:
```

>     + * macOS users may need to update old kubeconfig files*: homebrew formula now uses homebrew/core/aws-iam-authenticator use `eksctl utils write-kubeconfig` to update it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    + old kubeconfig files may need updating - you may find `eksctl utils write-kubeconfig`
    + macOS: `homebrew/core/aws-iam-authenticator` is used from now on
```

- API version v1alpha5

>   + SSH parameters have now its own field in the config file schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  + SSH parameters now have a own field in the config file schema
```

>   + SSH public keys can be specified by local file, uploaded key in EC2 or by the key content

Reviewer: Let's just merge it into the line above...

>   + `preBootstrapCommand` option in the config file has been renamed to `preBootstrapCommands`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  + `preBootstrapCommand` field has been renamed to `preBootstrapCommands`
```

>   + ``--dry-run=false` CLI argument has been renamed to `--approve`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  + `--dry-run=false` CLI argument has been renamed to `--approve`
```

- add support to attach target groups to node groups via ARNs
- add support for using config files in the drain command

> - upgrade Cluster and nodegroup name tags from `eksctl.cluster.k8s.io/v1alpha1/` to `alpha.eksctl.io/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- start using new `alpha.eksctl.io/` tag prefix (instead of `eksctl.cluster.k8s.io/v1alpha1/`)
```

> - update authenticator to version 0.4.0

Reviewer: already mentioned above...

> - make it impossible to overwrite AMIs from non Amazon accounts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ensure `ami: auto` (`--node-ami=auto`) searches official Amazon and Ubuntu AMIs by owner ID, to avoid security issue
```
